doc: update bluetooth features support (#14248)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/software_maturity.rst

  .. sml-table:: sidewalk

Bluetooth Low Energy features support

> **************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
************************************
```
Should be the same character length as the header text itself.

> The following table indicates the software maturity levels of the support for each Bluetooth Low Energy feature with * :ref:`softdevice_controller`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table indicates the software maturity levels of the support for each Bluetooth Low Energy feature.
See the :ref:`softdevice_controller` documentation for additional information.
```
